Update eck pdb docs (#2361)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/pod-disruption-budget.md

A [Pod Disruption Budget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/) (PDB) allows you to limit the disruption to your application when its pods need to be rescheduled for some reason such as upgrades or routine maintenance work on the Kubernetes nodes.

> ECK manages either a single default PDB, or multiple PDBs per {{es}} resource according to the license available.

Reviewer: Does the user have to be on a stack 9.2 cluster as well as use ECK 3.2? 

Consider this approach. More tagging / clarification might be necessary if the stack version is also a factor.

We have a couple of other ways we could do this with heading tagging or tabs, but this is probably a nice lightweight way to do it

```suggestion
ECK manages either a single default PDB, or multiple PDBs per {{es}} resource according to the license available.

:::{note}
In ECK 3.1 and earlier, all clusters follow the [non-enterprise behavior](#non-enterprise-licensed-customers), regardless of license type.
:::
```

> ## Enterprise licensed customers

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Enterprise licensed customers
```{applies_to}
deployment:
  eck: ga 3.2
```
````

Reviewer 2: I am not super happy with these headings: 
1. wording: we do not license customers, customers buy a license from us
2. correctness: non-enterprise users are technically not customers but users (they did not buy anything?)
3. I would rather we lead with the feature difference than the license (which needs to be mentioned too no argument about that)

Suggestion:

    Advanced PodDisruptionBudget logic (Enterprise License Required)
    Default PodDisruptionBudget logic (Basic License)

Thoughts? @shainaraskas @naemono

A separate PDB is created for each type of nodeSet defined in the manifest allowing upgrade or maintenance operations to be more quickly executed. The PDBs allow one {{es}} Pod per nodeSet to simultaneously be taken down as long as the cluster has the health defined in the following table:

> | Role | Cluster Health Required | Notes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Role | Cluster health required | Notes |
```

|------|------------------------|--------|
| Master | Yellow |  |
| Data | Green | All Data roles are grouped together into a single PDB, except for data_frozen. |
| Data Frozen | Yellow | Since the frozen tier are essentially stateless, managing searchable snapshots, additional disruptions are allowed. |
| Ingest | Yellow |  |
| ML | Yellow |  |
| Coordinating | Yellow |  |
| Transform | Yellow |  |

> | Remote Cluster Client | Yellow |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Remote cluster client | Yellow |  |
```

Single-node clusters are not considered highly available and can always be disrupted.

> ## Non-enterprise licensed customers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Non-enterprise licensed customers
:::{note}
In ECK 3.1 and earlier, all clusters follow this behavior regardless of license type.
:::
```

It allows one {{es}} Pod to be taken down, as long as the cluster has a `green` health. Single-node clusters are not considered highly available and can always be disrupted.

> In the {{es}} specification, you can change the default behavior as follows:

Reviewer: do the instructions below this line only apply to non-enterprise? if not, you might want to change the headings a little:

```
## Default behavior
... 
### Enterprise licensed customers
...
### Non-enterprise licensed customers
...
## Override the default behavior
...
## Pod disruption budget ...
```

A [Pod Disruption Budget](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/) (PDB) allows you to limit the disruption to your application when its pods need to be rescheduled for some reason such as upgrades or routine maintenance work on the Kubernetes nodes.

> ECK manages either a single default PDB, or multiple PDBs per {{es}} resource according to the license available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ECK manages either a single PDB, or multiple PDBs per {{es}} resource depending on the license installed.
```
Not sure if it is better.
Other ideas: 

"depending on the license level of the ECK installation" (because technically users upgrade ECK to Enterprise not individual ES clusters)

:::{note}
In {{eck}} 3.1 and earlier, all clusters follow the [default PodDisruptionBudget rules](#default-pdb-rules), regardless of license type.
:::

> ## Advanced PodDisruptionBudget rules (Enterprise License Required)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Advanced rules (Enterprise license required)
```
Otherwise it renders this weird overly long heading that breaks onto two lines see, and I think the PDB part is implied by the overall heading of the page:
<img width="944" height="193" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/91e22491-d157-4fa5-bb0f-02aa249d35da" />

Another idea I had would be to say something like: 

> NodeSet specific rules (Enteprise license required)

```{applies_to}
deployment:
  eck: ga 3.2
```

> In Elasticsearch clusters managed by ECK and licensed with an enterprise license, a separate PDB is created for each type of nodeSet defined in the manifest. This setup allows upgrade or maintenance operations to be executed more quickly. Each PDB permits one Elasticsearch Pod per nodeSet to be disrupted at a time, provided the cluster maintains the health status described in the following table:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Elasticsearch clusters managed by ECK and licensed with an Enterprise license, a separate PDB is created for each type of nodeSet defined in the manifest. This setup allows upgrade or maintenance operations to be executed more quickly. Each PDB permits one Elasticsearch Pod per nodeSet to be disrupted at a time, provided the cluster maintains the health status described in the following table:
```

It seems we capitalize the word "Enterprise" on our other pages e.g. https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/docs-content/pull/2361/deploy-manage/license/manage-your-license-in-eck

| Role | Cluster health required | Notes |
|------|------------------------|--------|
| master | Yellow |  |
| data | Green | All Data roles are grouped together into a single PDB, except for data_frozen. |

> | data_frozen | Yellow | Since data_frozen nodes are essentially stateless, managing searchable snapshots when compared to other data node types, additional disruptions are allowed. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| data_frozen | Yellow | Since frozen data tier nodes only host partially mounted indices backed by searchable snapshots additional disruptions are allowed. |
```
I think the main argument is not that they are stateless. They kind of are but even for a stateless node that local cache is something to protect for availability. I think the main argument for additional disruptions here is that there is only one "replica" on the frozen tier anyway so unavailability is to be expected.

| ingest | Yellow |  |
| ml | Yellow |  |
| coordinating | Yellow |  |
| transform | Yellow |  |
| remote_cluster_client | Yellow |  |

Single-node clusters are not considered highly available and can always be disrupted regardless of license type.

## Non-enterprise licensed customers
:::{note}

> In ECK 3.1 and earlier, all clusters follow this behavior regardless of license type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {{eck}} 3.1 and earlier, all clusters follow this behavior regardless of license type.
```

Not sure. Maybe it is OK to use the short form.

> ## Default PodDisruptionBudget rules (Basic license) [default-pdb-rules]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Default rules (Basic license) [default-pdb-rules]
```

:::

In {{eck}} clusters that do not have an enterprise license, one {{es}} Pod can be taken down at a time, as long as the cluster has a health status of `green`. Single-node clusters are not considered highly available and can always be disrupted.

> ### Overriding the default behavior

Reviewer: we still need to fix these heading levels per this comment https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/2361#discussion_r2248711244

easiest way is to make this an H2 and its child an H3. alternative is outlined in the linked thread

Reviewer 2: +1

> In {{eck}} clusters that do not have an enterprise license, one {{es}} Pod can be taken down at a time, as long as the cluster has a health status of `green`. Single-node clusters are not considered highly available and can always be disrupted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {{eck}} clusters that do not have an Enterprise license, one {{es}} Pod can be taken down at a time, as long as the cluster has a health status of `green`. Single-node clusters are not considered highly available and can always be disrupted.
```

In the {{es}} specification, you can change the default behavior in two ways. By fully overriding the PodDisruptionBudget within the {{es}} spec or by disabling the default PodDisruptionBudget and specifying one or more PodDisruptionBudget(s).

### Fully override the PodDisruptionBudget within the {{es}} spec [k8s-override-default-pdb]

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Ideally, you'd shorten this heading and add a description of the action being taken above the codeblock, similar to what you did below.

```
### Fully override the PodDisruptionBudget

You can ... by ... 
```

          elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name: quickstart
```

This will cause the ECK operator to only create the PodDisruptionBudget defined in the spec and will not create any additional PodDisruptionBudgets.

::::{note}
[`maxUnavailable`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/#arbitrary-controllers-and-selectors) cannot be used with an arbitrary label selector, therefore `minAvailable` is used in this example.
::::

> ## Pod disruption budget per nodeSet [k8s-pdb-per-nodeset]

Author: I've added these as indicated. Let me know if the changes make sense.

          elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name: quickstart
```

This will cause the ECK operator to only create the PodDisruptionBudget defined in the spec. It will not create any additional PodDisruptionBudgets.

::::{note}
[`maxUnavailable`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/configure-pdb/#arbitrary-controllers-and-selectors) cannot be used with an arbitrary label selector, therefore `minAvailable` is used in this example.
::::

> ### Pod disruption budget per nodeSet [k8s-pdb-per-nodeset]

Reviewer: need an action verb

avoid `per`

```suggestion
### Set a pod disruption budget for each nodeSet [k8s-pdb-per-nodeset]
```

> You can specify a PDB per nodeSet or node role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify a PDB per `nodeSet` or node role.
```

I would put these into backticks to make clear this is a reference to our YAML CRD schema. Otherwise it just looks like a typo.
